Question:

Give me some idea on what is a Data type. What are Primitive Data types and Non-Primitive Data types. Explain with some examples.
Answer:

A data type in programming defines the kind of data a variable can store. It specifies the type of value, such as numbers, text, or other structures, that can be assigned to a variable. Understanding data types is crucial because they determine what operations can be performed on the data.
In JavaScript, data types are broadly categorized into:

1. Primitive Data Types

Primitive data types are the most basic data types. They are immutable, meaning their values cannot be changed after they are created (though the variable holding them can be reassigned).
Examples of Primitive Data Types in JavaScript:

1.String: Represents text.
	oExample:
	let name = "John";
2.Number: Represents numeric values (both integers and floating-point numbers).
	oExample:
	let age = 25;
	let price = 99.99;
3.Boolean: Represents logical values, either true or false.
	oExample:
	let isLoggedIn = true;
4.Undefined: A variable that has been declared but not assigned a value.
	oExample:
	let result;
	console.log(result); // undefined
5.Null: Represents an intentional absence of value.
	oExample:
	let data = null;

2. Non-Primitive Data Types

Non-primitive data types are more complex and include objects. They can store multiple values or collections of data. These types are mutable, meaning their contents can be changed after creation.
Examples of Non-Primitive Data Types in JavaScript:

1.Object: Used to store collections of key-value pairs.
	oExample:
	let user = {
  		name: "Alice",
  		age: 30,
  		isAdmin: true
	};
2.Array: A special kind of object that stores ordered collections of items.
	oExample:
	let fruits = ["Apple", "Banana", "Cherry"];
3.Function: A block of code designed to perform a particular task (also considered a type of object).
	oExample:
	function greet() {
 	 console.log("Hello!");
	}
4.Date: Used for handling dates and times.
	oExample:
	let today = new Date();

